perfectly
I hope with this life
good good good
he does not have a motorcycle but hey
he did not tell me that the brand
you do not have to run is the point of
street sometimes I do the finger
we have the helmets some doubt
come on guys for the surprises
people know how good it is
he put his hand
It did not come with the sugar and put a little
of black pancakes we are going to take
guys a review we buy the
quinces
as we see the brightness and we take the
peel yes no
he knows how we get the seed
We put the quince jars in water
the same amount of water in sugar and
we left to make a syrup for
eat the quince hulls with a
exercise or with this house of the
seeds science we put it in a gauze
we say the little bag and put it to
cook in water to cover it when
reduce that water half we pay the
new a sugar weight of this water what
we can make the village a delicacy
enjoy it, there is nothing richer than
jelly and quince jelly here what
we accompany like that are the tartaletas
one cuts the truth that the service there
that take advantage of everything and also a
good thing that is that some day
we are also going to learn is to packaging
it is barbarous that they last all year round
they catch invited guests open with
something for them that is terrific so
my people and also good to the world what
I'm going to tell you, you can do a
quince strudel a cake with cream
for you it would be to use with the Christ
mascarpone to serve with ice cream the
truth that has infinities of uses
good echo how to help if we can notice
well in almost all these delicacy whoever
believe worthy of this this telethon and
our cameraman with motorcycles
and all because they are the two that are
always concentrated and with good vibes
chipping good positive energy if
Vanessa also know that he never asks for anything
the mole too that came to the state
fighting